{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Definition: conch shell is out of reach:\
	if player is inside bubble, yes;\
	if player is not inside bubble, no.\
\
\
\
\
Rack of Keys is a supporter in the Hallway. The description is "A simple key rack, really. It's a bunch of wooden pegs[if keyshell is on rack of keys] with a key hanging off one of them[end if]."\
\
\
\
\
\
The prisoner behavior rules is a rulebook.\
\
A prisoner behavior rule when the prisoner is wearing shackles:\
	if a random chance of 1 in 3 succeeds: \
		say "She frowns a bit and plucks at the dingy cloth covering her personal bits. You can tell she cares much about her appearances."; \
\
A prisoner behavior rule when the prisoner is wearing uniform: \
	if a random chance of 1 in 3 succeeds: \
		say "She adjusts the collar around the uniform, a small grin adorning her face as she admires the shiny buckles. She looks pleased with her new outfit. She lifts her chin, trying to look more official. She makes a mean face at you for a moment, then laughs and waves her hand dismissively."; \
\
\
\
\
A prisoner behavior rule when the location of prisoner is not the location of player:\
	move prisoner to player;\
		if a random chance of 1 in 5 succeeds,\
			say "[nickname of prisoner] glubs quietly at you.";\
\
\
\
\
Instead of attacking Scientist: \
	say "You grab both ends of the scarf and attempt to choke the scientist. He glubs loudly, reaching out to press the emergency switch, alerting the guards of your presence!"; \
	end the game saying "Violence is not the answer"\
\
\
\
\
Instead of talking to scientist for the first time:\
	if player is wearing chatterscarf:\
		say "Hello!";\
	otherwise:\
		say "He turns to look at you. \'85blub!";\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Setting action variables for combining something with something: \
	let X be a list of objects; \
	add the noun to X; \
	add the second noun to X; \
	sort X; \
	repeat through the Table of Outcome Objects: \
		let Y be the component list entry; \
		sort Y; \
		if X is Y: \
			now the item built is the result entry.\
\
Check combining it with: \
    if the item built is nothing, \
        say "You can't combine [the noun] and [the second noun] into anything useful." instead.\
Carry out combining it with: \
    move the item built to the holder of the noun; \
    remove the noun from play; \
    remove the second noun from play.\
Report combining it with: \
    say "You now have [an item built]."\
\
Table of outcome objects\
component list		result\
\{dirty clothes, jug\}		clean clothes\
\{the piece of wood, magnifying glass\}		fire\
\
\
\
The water is an enterable supporter. "The water is some what clear and oyu can see tons of fish swimming around."\
Instead of entering the water:\
	say "You enter the water slowly and carefully making sure you don't step on anything dangerous."\
\
\
\
Mood is a kind of value. The moods are unhappy and pleased. People have mood. The mood of Melvin is unhappy.\
Melvin is a man in the North Forest. Melvin carries a magnifying glass.  The description of Melvin is "An scragly, old man with glasses. It looks like he is wearing old, dirty, ripped up clothing. Melvin looks [the mood of Melvin]".\
\
\
Instead of giving the journal to Melvin:\
	move the journal to Melvin;\
	now Melvin is pleased;\
	say "Melvin looks very pleased.".\
Instead of asking Melvin for the magnifying glass:\
	if Melvin is unhappy:\
		say "Melvin refuses to give you the magnifying glass (or help you in general) unless you do something for him.";\
	if Melvin is pleased:\
		say "Now you have the magnifying glass.";\
		move the magnifying glass to player.\
\
\
\
if inform doesnt understand a verb:\
\
understand the command "offer" as something new.\
offering it to is an action applying to two things.\
understand "offer [something] to [someone]" as offering it to.\
\
\
\
\
Named page is a kind of value. The named pages are first page, last page, next page, previous page.\
To decide what number is the effective value of (L - last page): \
    decide on the length of the book.\
To decide what number is the effective value of (F - first page): \
    decide on 1.\
To decide what number is the effective value of (N - next page): \
    let X be the last page read of the book plus 1; \
    decide on X.\
To decide what number is the effective value of (P - previous page): \
    let X be the last page read of the book minus 1; \
    decide on X.\
\
Understand "read [named page] in/from/of [something]" or "read the [named page] in/from/of [something]" as reading it relatively in. Reading it relatively in is an action applying to one named page and one thing.\
\
Does the player mean reading something in the old book: it is very likely.\
\
\
\
Your bed is an enterable supporter in your room. It is fixed in place. The description is "A nice, comfortable bed to relax in after a day full of knight training."}